No voice was given to the wind,
Yet still, it calls your name.
No trace was left upon the earth,
Yet still, I know you came.
Like whispers lost in falling rain,
Like footprints washed away,
The world may never see nor know,
But I remain, I stay.
If the sky should break in sorrow,
If the dawn forgets to rise,
Still, I’d walk beyond tomorrow,
Still, I’d chase the fading light.
Even if the world should lose me,
Even if my voice should cease,
Know that somewhere, in the silence,
I will sing you back to peace.
No shadow lingers in the dark,
Yet still, I feel you near.
No words were carved upon my heart,
Yet still, the meaning’s clear.
A promise made without a sound,
A vow the stars won’t hear,
Though time may take its toll on all,
This bond won’t disappear.
If the sky should break in sorrow,
If the dawn forgets to rise,
Still, I’d walk beyond tomorrow,
Still, I’d chase the fading light.
Even if the world should lose me,
Even if my voice should cease,
Know that somewhere, in the silence,
I will sing you back to peace.
I won’t ask for you to hear me,
I won’t hope for you to see.
Love need not be known or spoken,
For it lives eternally.